Notification Plugin docs (#22)
breez/breez-sdk-liquid-docs: src/notifications/setup_nds.md

```json
{
    "template": "swap_updated",
    "data": {  
        "id": "",    // The hashed swap id
        "status": "" // The latest swap status
    }
}
```

The need to run your own NDS is because it's configured to send push notifications to your application users and therefore should be configured with the required keys and certificates. You can use our [reference NDS implementation](https://github.com/breez/notify) as a starting point or as is. Our implementation of the NDS expects URLs in the following format:
```
https://your-nds-service.com/notify?platform=<ios|android>&token=[PUSH_TOKEN]
```
  

> This is the same format used when [using webhooks](using_webhooks.md) in the SDK, replacing the `PUSH_TOKEN` with the mobile push token. Once the NDS has received such request it will send a push notification to the corresponding device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the same format used when [using webhooks](using_webhooks.md) in the SDK, replacing the `PUSH_TOKEN` with the mobile push token. Once the NDS receives such a request it will send a push notification to the corresponding device.
```

## Mobile push token

> Ensure that your mobile application is set up to receive push notifications and can generate a push token. This token uniquely identifies the device for push notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that your mobile application is set up to receive push notifications and can generate a push token, which uniquely identifies the device for push notifications.
```
